Add "No Bare Raises" checker (#3)
m-burst/flake8-pytest-style: README.md

* `PT009 use a regular assert instead of unittest-style '{assertion}'`

* `PT010 set the match parameter in pytest.raises`  
e.g. `pytest.raises(ValueError, match='exception text')` is OK,
and `pytest.raises(ValueError)` is an error.
    * Since this is a fairly disruptive rule, it is by default off. 

>       You can turn it on by specifying in your `setup.cfg` file 

Reviewer: `setup.cfg` is not the only way to configure Flake8, so I would phrase this differently:
```suggestion
      You can turn it on by specifying in your configuration (e.g. `setup.cfg`) 
```

>       You can turn it on by specifying in your `setup.cfg` file 

Reviewer: I suggest to organize the part of README regarding configuration in a different way. We can add a separate section with the list of all the options with their descriptions, and simply say here that the list of exceptions is controlled by `no-bare-raises-exceptions` option.
